you write and I think we can see that
Martin lampshade his own piss
put it together or watch it in fact
drink your own warm fish think of
recurrent peace
come on this is boring
[Music]
these are a guitarist Vega feek this is
Paul a and this is a situation here
we've been doing for a while it
basically goes like your eat stuff for
money and the more disgusting the bear
and there's a pretty fucking disgusting
finger in the room and fuck the Dan's
gonna eat it here for five pounds
it tastes like that again for the camera
[Laughter]
briefly so then my uncle's name well you
know it's just that one little bit in
your spine isn't it if that was to go
next evolutionary step I think the
company would love about 30-45 yeah
what's your most memorable experience
making that phone probably killing your
cat were not actually killing his cat
the cat was fully the star of the film
really well behaved he loved it in fact
after we stabbed him with what was a
fake knife and removed his entrails he
sat there in a corner and little blood
often
[Music]
really
it was very uplifting
[Applause]
[Music]
can't think I'm drinking other pastors
this is the wine of choice for me and
extendin and the band Cradle of Filth
we are here in their lovely expensive
recording studios and we just arrived
here is Danny filth himself the man and
legends pleasure
we'd like to tell us something about
your abode yes produce what's this it
does what it says on the label very
strong be strong 80% as horrible
when do I puke
he timed it just just talk about Midian
just look at that shit I said talk about
shit don't stand in it Danny
you talk about me being too fat this
place it's so wait what you find in
London in it I've got another 20 years
you know Enid you see you always find
someone you Kings Cross then 20 minutes
away Danny Phil talks castles